[Music]
you
twelve Pixar animated movies with a deep
psychological meaning cartoons aren't
just a clever way to distract your kids
their creators also include some
important truths and valuable life
lessons that both grownups and children
can learn from so whether you're a kid
or a kid at heart you can take away a
lot from these Pixar animated movies
don't worry
no spoilers ahead finding Dory 2016 this
film tells the story of a sweet bubbly
fish named Dory
who suffered from short-term memory loss
since birth the spider condition she's
always happy and lively she stays
positive and looks on the bright side of
life her disability also doesn't prevent
her from bravely setting out and search
for her long-lost parents
Dory teaches us that we can do anything
we set our mind to and nothing not even
health problems outside our control can
stop us or keep our spirits down the
good dinosaur 2015 this animation isn't
just about the unlikely friendship
between a small boy and a big dinosaur
it's about a world where nature has
conquered civilization and not the other
way around like we have today we can all
connect with the fears and traumatic
experiences our loved the dinosaur has
to overcome this film reminds us all
once again that sincere and loyal
friendship conquers all
inside out 2015 this movie is one of
Pixar's most powerful and successful
creations it was even approved by
psychologists and therapists the main
character Reilly is a teenage girl
trying to cope with big life changes and
her emotions which are also characters
in the film there are five of them joy
sadness
fear
[Music]
anger
and discussed
the story helps people of all ages see
that we shouldn't be afraid of our
emotions or bottle them up when we're
going through a rough time open yourself
up to all your feelings both good and
bad
brave 2012 this animated film is a great
reminder that you don't have to comply
with other people's expectations of you
the story centers on the relationship
between brave Merida and her mother who
has planned her daughter's future up to
the smallest detail we can take from
this movie that girls don't have to be
dainty princesses if they love crazy
adventures this is a really important
message for everyone that we need to put
all gender stereotypes aside and just be
ourselves up 2009 this sad an extremely
touching story about love loneliness and
growing old really pulls at the
heartstrings
an elderly man named Carl thinks about
his late wife every day and reminisce
about the adventures they used to dream
up together eventually Carl decides to
travel by himself in his flying house
but a funny little boy scouts bring some
unexpected changes to his plans
this animation tells us that we need
fairy tales in our lives at any and
every age after watching this movie you
realize that it's never too late to
fulfill your dreams just go for it
wall-e 2008 this animation is not only
about deep feelings but also about big
responsibilities wall-e teaches us to
take care of our planet by showing its
potentially grim future if we continue
to irresponsibly exploit its resources a
lot of the time we don't even understand
what consequences our actions may have
but this cartoon won't let you forget
that we are all responsible for the
well-being of our planet ratatouille
2007 Remi the rat dreams of becoming a
chef though his rat peers don't believe
in him and society of course shuns the
thought of a rat in the kitchen he still
moves towards his goal with the help of
his human friend and fellow chef
linguine ratatouille can help you
understand that your background isn't
important if you're brave enough to
fulfill your dream it's your hard work
perseverance and belief in yourself that
count this cartoon will inspire you to
follow your dream
even if someone or society says you're
not worth it or that it's not your place
to try cars 2006 lightning McQueen is a
cocky overconfident champion racecar
who's about to understand that the role
of the team isn't something to be
underestimated or taken advantage of
this story shows us that success can
blind you for a moment because of all
the attention and opportunities it gives
you but never forget those who always
believed in you and helped you no amount
of fame or fortune can replace the
caring people in your life The
Incredibles 2004 the main characters of
this story are a family just trying to
seem ordinary but it's not all that easy
because they actually have superpowers
and hiding their special abilities only
brings sadness to their lives the
essence of the film is that the talents
and skills given to us are an integral
part of our personality
simply speaking we are not ourselves if
we hide our talents
this cartoon tells us don't try to be
like everyone else
cherish your uniqueness and be proud of
it Finding Nemo 2003 Finding Nemo
centers around the story of a caring
father Marlin and his son Nemo
but Marlin is a little too
overprotective of Nemo because he's
afraid for his son who was born with a
small disabled fin this animated movie
teaches parents that while children do
need love support guidance and
protection you shouldn't keep your kids
from following their own path and
exploring the world around them and just
like its sequel already mentioned on
this list finding dory this movie
teaches us that health problems or
handicaps can't stop us from achieving
our dreams monsters inc 2001 the
monsters in this Pixar animation work
for a corporation and their job is to
scare every single child in the world
but fear and intimidation are the worst
weapon to use against a flourishing
society the main characters of the story
soon find out that mutual understanding
respect and benevolence are much
stronger than fear as you follow this
beautiful story you truly understand
that those who are the scariest are
usually scared themselves thanks for
such deep thoughts Pixar
Toy Story 1995 all right now get ready
to feel old
this 1995 Pixar classic continues to
entertain us and teach us important life
values it's an unbelievable story about
toys that come to life when there's
nobody around these playthings
experience feelings of jealousy
friendship and homesickness so they are
just like people and want to be loved
and cared for a cute story that teaches
us that time moves on but real
friendship and devotion lasts forever
and now let's finish this off of the
bonus joke about the incredibly hard
work Pixar animators do to put a smile
on your face
Pixar employees can we go home now we've
been working for over 16 hours
Pixar no I want to see every single
fiber on this t-shirt it's funny because
it's probably true which of these movies
is your favorite sound off in the
comments section below
don't forget to hit the like button and
share this video with all your friends
also be sure to subscribe to our channel
if you want to stay up to date with all
our fun and useful videos stay on the
bright side
[Music]